hey my name is Johnny ah today is my
first day riding one of these dirt bikes
about I've been a fan of dirt bikes
every year i watch Supercross and
motocross on TV my favorite riders are
probably Trey Canard or like Josh Hill
because they do good goon riding videos
and I this here is a 2000 of three Honda
X or ADR made by honda in the year two
thousand three so today ah I don't know
what this is looks kind of like so it
looks like a football pads are like a
stomach protector or a belly protector
so yeah but i just got a brief lesson
from my fellow friend Douglas hey okay
you just slip that with a light and 11
have a shot I know this is definitely
the ailment hey tell them I can't a
glutton people
you
sorry about that folks ok so I read the
manual and it says to make it go you
I'll just read this I'll break right
here then Tom thank you kick starting
this side oh that's easy ok ok ok
ok
okay okay one more time I think I'm
doing pretty good
Oh
hey
sorry this camera gay who's really cheap
he just dumped the bike again
Johnny signing out
you